docs: README (#253)
prysmaticlabs/ethereumapis: README.md

# Ethereum APIs

[![Build status](https://badge.buildkite.com/62be08099e9e228b165c2dba69c637eb9ca7a1ca95efd54b9f.svg?branch=master)](https://buildkite.com/prysmatic-labs/ethereum-apis)

> [![Discord](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7288322/34471967-1df7808a-efbb-11e7-9088-ed0b04151291.png)](https://discord.com/invite/prysmaticlabs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Discord](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7288322/34471967-1df7808a-efbb-11e7-9088-ed0b04151291.png)](https://discord.gg/prysmaticlabs)
```

### Need assistance?

> For general information on the functionality of gRPC and protocol buffers, see the [gRPC guide](https://grpc.io/docs/guides/). If you still have questions, feel free to stop by either our [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/prysmaticlabs) and a member of the team or our community will be happy to assist you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For general information on the functionality of gRPC and protocol buffers, see the [gRPC guide](https://grpc.io/docs/guides/). If you still have questions, feel free to stop by either our [Discord](https://discord.gg/prysmaticlabs) and a member of the team or our community will be happy to assist you.
```
